Add link to conceptual guides (#446)
nebari-dev/nebari-docs: docs/docs/how-tos/nebari-azure.md

[Microsoft Azure Offer Details](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/offer-details/) and
[Azure Kubernetes Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ask/intro-kubernetes) for a quick overview of the Kubernetes services.

> For a more detailed cost estimate, please also refer to our [Conceptual guides](/explanations/) for more information regarding the basic infrastructure provided by Nebari.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to our [Conceptual guides](/docs/explanations/) for more information regarding the basic infrastructure provided by Nebari.
```
We don't have much information regarding costs right now (in the works), so I removed the first sentence, also fixed the link
